[cackles]
My darkness will swallow the
world, just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
However, Luffy becomes
sidetracked by a tournament
that offers the
Flame Flame Fruit as a prize.
The first round
is a battle royale,
from which only one competitor
can emerge victorious.
Burgess of the
Blackbeard Pirates
won the match for Block A,
and the battle for
Block B is about to begin.
I hope you're all ready.
And, go!
[COMPETITORS groaning]
[GYATS]
The Little Fighting Fish!
[COMPETITORS screaming]
[COMPETITOR EE groans]
[yells]
[COMPETITOR GG groans]
[CHIN JAO]
Pardon me.
Is it all right if I watch
the fight with you gentlemen?
Are you--?
How's old Garp doing these days?
Tell me, Luffy.
Hey, you mean you
know my grandpa?
[CAVENDISH]
You!
[LUFFY yells]
Know him? Sure. Years ago,
he nearly killed me.
And now I carry that
grudge against him,
his children,
and his grandchildren.
[LUFFY gasps]
[LUFFY]
Huh?
[CROWD cheers]
[CHIN JAO] Back in the
ol' days, way before your time,
Garp was considered the
devil incarnate to all pirates.
They say time heals all wounds,
but decades have past
and my pain still remains.
[LUFFY grunts]
[CHIN JAO]
Hmm.
Speak up! Is all that true?
[LUFFY] No, 'course not!
I didn't hear 'em right!
My name is definitely Lucy!
Then why did you answer
when he called you Luffy?
[LUFFY grunts]
Seeing as you're
Garp's grandson,
I'm afraid you're gonna
have to pay for his sins.
[LUFFY] Take it up with
grandpa, why don't ya?!
Hold on! So you two are related!
[LUFFY]
I call everyone grandpa!
[CAVENDISH] If you truly are
the notorious Straw Hat Luffy,
I'll cut you down
where you stand!
[LUFFY grunts]
You know what the real shame is?
If only I'd found about about
Garp's son, Dragon, sooner...
[LUFFY]
Huh?
...I could have prevented you
from being born
in the first place.
[gasps]
[LUFFY grunts]
[COMPETITOR A]
Whoa! What's going on?
Seems Don Chin Jao's
startin' a brawl!
You can't be serious!
Let's slow down
and talk about this!
[gasps]
[CAVENDISH] I'm gonna rip
that ridiculous beard off!
[LUFFY] It's real!
Took me years to grow!
Let go! Ugh!
The Don is getting back up!
Is he going to attack again?
I don't know how much
old age has affected him,
but in his prime,
the bounty on him
ran over half a billion berries!
[LUFFY]
The name's Lucy!
[LUFFY grunts]
Stay out of my way,
Don Chin Jao!
'Cause if you don't,
I'm afraid things will get ugly!
Cavendish is drawing
his sword on him?
[COMPETITOR E]
Look at that!
One of the finest blades
in the world, Durandal!
Parry this! Head-Arms!
Beautiful Sword! Blue Bird!
[CHIN JAO groans]
[COMPETITOR G gasps] Cavendish
is gonna cut through his skull!
No way!
They're equally matched!
[CAVENDISH gasps]
Durandal can't stab him!
That big guy's head
is tougher than a sword,
and the other guy's
holding him off with one arm!
Both of them are scary!
[CAVENDISH, LUFFY grunt]
[CAVENDISH, LUFFY grunting]
Looks like he's
not going to stop
unless I fight
back at full power!
[LUFFY grunts]
[LUFFY]
This is getting old!
Almost as old as you!
[COMPETITORS gasp]
Did he just KO Chin Jao?
[COMPETITOR K] Who the hell
is that little bearded guy?
[LUFFY grunts]
[CHIN JAO groans]
What a walloping.
What?! It had no effect?!
[COMPETITOR M gasps]
Maybe all the legends about him
are actually true!
They say with one head-butt,
Chin Jao split the
Ice Continent in half!
The whole stinkin' continent?!
[LUFFY] I wasn't holding
back on that punch,
but the old man
got right back up.
[cackles] Well, isn't
this a nice surprise?
You two have talent!
But sadly, it won't be enough
to save you from my wrath.
There's one thing
I know for certain.
Based on your strength,
you're Straw Hat.
Give it a rest! All right?!
You're the grandson of a demon.
You steal popularity
from others.
All you seem to
do is attract ire.
Neither of those things
is my fault, you got it?!
Uh! And my name's
Lucy, by the way.
If you had as much
brains as looks,
you'd stay outta of
my way, Cavendish,
or I'll kill you, too!
[yelling]
That's enough, gramps!
Have you lost your damn mind?!
[BOO] You tryin' to get
us disqualified?! [grunts]
[SAI grunts]
[COMPETITORS gasp]
It's Sai and Boo
from the Kano Kingdom!
[CAVENDISH, LUFFY gasp]
You'll unhand your
grandfather this instant!
Not a chance! Whatever's
goin' on, stop it!
I've found Garp's
grandson! My enemy!
Right here!
[BOO] Remember why we're here!
If we're eliminated,
we can't fulfill our
real purpose! Cool it!
You guys over
there had better not
be doing what I
think you're doing!
[GUARD A] Any fighting outside
the arena results in ejection!
[GROUP gasps]
[CAVENDISH]
Those are Colosseum guards.
I'm gonna settle
the score right now!
Elimination be damned!
[gasps] Where
the hell did he go?!
Don't worry! That fake
bearded guy's in Block C!
We'll see 'em again
in the Colosseum!
[CHIN JAO growls]
So if you wanna kill him,
just wait until the fight!
I'm not gonna let
you escape, Straw Hat!
I will find you!
You'll be dead before you
set foot in that arena!
[GUARD B]
Look at the mess they left.
What was that all about anyway?
I thought I heard
someone say "Straw Hat."
Ya thought or you're sure?
They could have been talking
about the pirate, Luffy.
[GUARD A]
You think he entered?
[GUARD B]
Nah. There's no way!
[LUFFY] Well, this is bad.
I was tryin' to lay low, too.
There goes my promise to Franky.
[CROWD cheers]
[GYATS] There are only
about 70 competitors
still left in the ring! Half
of Block B has been taken out!
Now, the moment of truth!
Who will be the last one?
[COMPETITOR S yells, groans]
Hack, master of Fishman Karate,
now claims his 17th opponent!
Go back to the water
where you belong, freak.
[HACK]
Hm?
So what made you think you could
participate in a human
competition, anyway?
[HACK grunts]
[COMPETITOR T] Come on, why
don't you say something back?
Can you even speak?!
I pity you.
Huh? Don't think I caught that.
[HACK] All you're doing
is speaking nonsense.
Let your fists do the talking!
Oh!
That sounds like a great idea!
But I'm afraid it's gonna
be a quick conversation!
[COMPETITOR T chuckles]
What? Did it get
stuck? [grunting]
[HACK]
Four Thousand Brick Fist!
[COMPETITOR T yells]
[CROWD cheers]
With that awesome display,
Hack beats his 18th opponent!
As Jimbei once told me, my
friend and hope of our people,
We must find a way to create
good relations with fists.
Thus I shall continue
fighting to the end!
So cool! Was that the
famous Fishman Karate?
Here's our runner up
with a total of 15 kills!
An unknown gladiator who
burst into sudden prominence,
Ricky!
Definitely one to keep
an eye on in Block B!
That's it! He's cut
down his16th man!
Hey! Who's that gladiator
in the skull cape?
Are you kidding me?
We're in the middle of a fight!
Just take a look over there!
[COMPETITOR U grunts]
[COMPETITOR V] He's a real
powerhouse. You recognize him?
You got a point. In all the
years I've spent fighting here,
I've never seen him before!
[COMPETITOR U] Every gladiator
from the Colosseum
is trained to fight with
both a sword and a shield.
But he uses just a blade,
like a samurai from
the Wano Kingdom!
Let's test his skill!
[COMPETITOR V]
I'm game!
[BOTH yell]
[DOLD]
Too slow!
[BOTH gasp]
[GYATS] And with that,
Ricky and Hack are now tied!
You see that gladiator? The one
in the cape with the blue skull.
Yeah.
Quite the experienced fighter.
Rather odd that he's new here.
I thought the same at first,
but I've got this feeling...
...like I've seen him somewhere.
A man like that who
fought without a shield.
Why can't I remember his name?
[laughing, yells]
[screeches]
[COMPETITORS]
HUh?
All right, Abdullah!
Eat our steel!
[COMPETITORS grunting]
[ABDULLAH laughing]
[JEET grunts]
[COMPETITORS groan]
[cackles]
[COMPETITOR AE gasps]
You're dead!
[COMPETITOR AE groans]
[ABDULLAH cackles]
[COMPETITORS groaning]
You shouldn't have
turned your back to me!
Huh?
[laughs]
[COMPETITOR AG groans]
Dirty cowards!
[GYATS]
I'm speechless!
The notorious Jeet and Abdullah
are quite the deadly team.
They've defeated
ten seasoned warriors
in a single blink of the eye!
[ABDULLAH, JEET chuckle]
Cowards, huh?
No, we're opportunists!
So, Abdullah, who do you think
we should cut down next?
That one! Looks like he
moved close to Elizabello.
Convenient for us.
[BOTH cackle]
[GYATS] It appears
Blue Gilly has decided to
start attacking Elizabello
the Second's entourage!
[COMPETITORS groan]
[DAGAMA growls]
Ow, ow, ow. Damn that
blue haired bastard!
What the hell's wrong with you?!
How could you lose to some
spindly, unarmed nobody?
It-- It doesn't really matter
how spindly this
unarmed freak is!
[COMPETITORS grunt]
Iron whips! That's what
this guy's legs are like!
Woo-ee! Why not come closer?
It's no fun when
you're so far away.
You're not shy, are you?
This guy's from
the Longleg Tribe!
So attack his legs, numb skulls!
[COMPETITORS grunt]
[COMPETITOR AL] Easier said
than done! Look at him!
[GILILY grunting]
Damn! His movements
are unpredictable.
I can't read them at all!
[GILLY grunting]
[COMPETITORS grunting]
Fine then! I just
don't care anymore!
[COMPETITORS yelling]
[GILLY yelling]
[COMPETITORS groan]
[GYATS] That's three more down!
And Blue Gilly has done it again
by quite literally
kicking some ass!
[DAGAMA growls]
Didn't you bring any
better fighters?
If not, then I'm afraid
your king is doomed.
[GILLY] Hm? This one's
got a warrior's spirit!
[GYATS]
Not much further away,
looks like a battle is unfolding
between Abdullah and Tank!
--[TANK yells]
--[ABDULLAH groans]
[TANK chuckles]
[TANK groaning]
[JEET yells]
[groans] What the--?!
[ABDULLAH cackles]
[TANK groaning]
[GYATS]
No! I can't believe it!
Tank is down for the count!
[BOTH chuckle]
[GYATS] The military captain of
Dressrosa's Self-Defense Army
has been emilinated!
Another victim of the sinister
pair, Abdullah and Jeet!
They should be disqualified
for dirty tricks!
Captain Tank can't be out yet!
[GYATS] And with that, over a
hundred gladiators have fallen.
There are barely 30 left
standing in the ring!
Not much longer now.
No matter how tough the
remaining competition is,
we have the King Punch.
[GYATS] Gladiators led
by the tactician, Dagama,
are protecting
Elizabello the Second,
ruler of the
Kingdom of Prodence!
The question isn't if, but when
will he throw his
devastating King Punch.
Who will be its target?
Which of you wants to go first?
For those of you
who wish to bleed,
step forward!
[GYATS] Abdullah and
Jeet, that vicious duo,
have mercilessly taken
down the strong man, Lepant!
Will they provoke a fight?!
And with whom?!
[ABDULLAH, JEET]
Huh?
[COMPETITORS groan]
[BOTH yell]
[ABDULLAH, JEET groaning]
[BELLAMY grunts]
Make 'em bleed, Bellamy!
I'm your biggest fan!
[GYATS]
So cruel! So vicious!
Look these words up
in the dictionary
and you'll surely find a
picture of this man's face!
He's certainly one of
our top contenders,
but does he have any hope
of toppling Elizabello
and his allies?
[GILLY yells]
[GYATS]
On the other side of the stage,
a duel has erupted between
Jiaokungdo martial
artist, Blue Gilly,
and the mysterious
gladiator, Ricky!
Which of these bruisers
will emerge victorious?
--[thud]
--[COMPETITOR AO groans]
[MAN E] Have you been watching
how tough that Fish-Dude is?
He's knocked out all of his
opponents with a single blow!
What a badass!
Yes! Damn, I hope he wins!
[COMPETITORS grunting]
[GYATS] We're down to
the final competitors!
Looks like one of these
fighters will win Block B!
Huh? [gasps, growls]
[CROWD gasps]
Somebody, stop him!
[GYATS]
I don't believe my eyes!
Is there no depth to which
Bartolomeo will sink?!
How low will he go?!
[SPECTATOR A] Why isn't
anybody kicking his ass?!
[CROWD booing]
[GYATS]
In plain view of this arena,
without any discretion,
he's pulled out
his unspeakable bits
and is relieving
himself in the moat!
The most indecent
act ever performed
in the history
of this Colosseum!
[grunts] That's
what I'm talkin' about.
Feels so good.
[GYATS] He's desecrating
a place of bloodshed!
Someone do something!
[GYATS]
Yes! Finally!
[HACK] I'm not too proud
to strike you from behind
if you won't
take this seriously.
[BARTOLOMEO]
Huh?
You'd better finish with
that quickly, you degenerate!
[BARTOLOMEO grunts]
Hey! Come on, man!
I'm defenseless here
with my wiener out!
[GYATS] The hero that
has answered our plea
is the Fishman warrior, Hack!
[HACK]
Four Thousand Brick...
Now's your chance!
Kick this guy's ass, Hack!
[BARTOLOMEO stammering]
[HACK]
...Fist!
[BARTOLOMEO gasps]
He won!
[CROWD cheering]
[CROWD gasps]
[BARTOLOMEO chuckles]
Gotcha.
[HACK groans]
[BARTOLOMEO chuckling]
[CROWD gasps]
[GYATS] What's goin' on?! Why is
Hack the one on the ground?!
Bartolomeo didn't flinch!
That's crazy. What's going on?
Who or what is this
lewd, crude contender?
Surely some kind of monster?!
[BARTOLOMEO cackles]
[NARRATOR] Elizabello the Second
has finally finished warming up.
Now, he's ready
to unleash a punch
that can reduce entire
fortresses to rubble.
As the Block B battle
enters its last stage,
the legendary king
employs his mighty attack
against the capable
warriors who still stand.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Deadly Blow!
The Astonishing King Punch!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!